Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: EasyDRAM: An FPGA-based Infrastructure for Fast and Accurate End-to-End Evaluation of Emerging DRAM Techniques
[ABSTRACT]: DRAM is a critical component of modern computing systems. Recent works propose numerous techniques (that we call DRAM techniques) to enhance DRAM-based computing systems’ throughput, reliability, and computing capabilities (e.g., in-DRAM bulk data copy). Evaluating the system-wide benefits of DRAM techniques is challenging as they often require modifications across multiple layers of the computing stack. Prior works propose FPGA-based platforms for rapid end-to-end evaluation of DRAM techniques on real DRAM chips. Unfortunately, existing platforms fall short in two major aspects: (1) they require deep expertise in hardware description languages, limiting accessibility; and (2) they are not designed to accurately model modern computing systems.We introduce EasyDRAM, an FPGA-based framework for rapid and accurate end-to-end evaluation of DRAM techniques on real DRAM chips. EasyDRAM overcomes the main drawbacks of prior FPGA-based platforms with two key ideas. First, EasyDRAM removes the need for hardware description language expertise by enabling developers to implement DRAM techniques using a high-level language (C++). At runtime, EasyDRAM executes the high-level software-defined memory system design in a programmable memory controller. Second, EasyDRAM tackles a fundamental challenge in accurately modeling modern systems: real processors typically operate at significantly higher clock frequencies than DRAM, a disparity that is difficult to replicate on FPGA platforms. EasyDRAM addresses this challenge by decoupling the processor–DRAM interface and advancing the system state using a novel technique we call time scaling, which faithfully captures the timing behavior of the modeled system.We validate EasyDRAM’s evaluation accuracy by comparing the memory latency profile of a real CPU-based system and its modeled implementation using EasyDRAM. We demonstrate the ease of use of EasyDRAM by evaluating two DRAM techniques end-to-end in a real FPGA-based system: (1) in-DRAM bulk data copy (i.e., RowClone) and (2) reduced-latency DRAM access that exploits the latency variation across DRAM cells. Implementing these two techniques requires no hardware modifications and only 325 lines of C++ code over EasyDRAM’s extensible code base. We compare our results to prior FPGA-based platforms. EasyDRAM yields more accurate results (e.g., by ≈20× for execution time) than the state-of-the-art related platform. We believe and hope that EasyDRAM will enable innovative ideas in memory system design to rapidly come to fruition. To aid future research, we open-source our EasyDRAM implementation at https://github.com/CMU-SAFARI/EasyDRAM.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}