Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: GTV: Generating Tabular Data via Vertical Federated Learning
[ABSTRACT]: Synthetic data has emerged as a promising avenue for privacy-preserving data sharing. However, constructing synthetic data generators necessitates access to the real dataset, posing challenges, particularly when data features are disparately distributed across different organizations. Vertical Federated Learning (VFL) is a collaborative approach to training machine learning models among distinct tabular data holders, such as financial institutions, who possess disjoint features for the same group of customers. In this paper, we introduce the GTV framework for Generating Tabular Data via Vertical Federated Learning and demonstrate that VFL can be successfully used to implement GANs for distributed tabular data in a privacy-preserving manner, with performance close to centralized GANs which assume shared data. We make design choices with respect to the distribution of GAN generator and discriminator models, and we introduce a training-with-shuffling technique so that no party can reconstruct training data from the GAN conditional vector. The paper presents (1) an implementation of GTV, (2) a detailed quality evaluation of GTV-generated synthetic data, (3) an examination of the GTV framework for different data distributions and number of clients, and (4) an analysis of GTV’s robustness against Membership Inference Attacks with different settings of Differential Privacy, for a range of datasets with diverse distribution characteristics. Our results demonstrate that GTV can consistently generate high-fidelity synthetic tabular data of comparable quality to that generated by a centralized GAN algorithm. The difference in machine learning utility can be as low as 2.7%, even under extremely imbalanced data distributions across clients. Code is available at: https://github.com/zhao-zilong/gtv

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}