Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: PhishingHook: Catching Phishing Ethereum Smart Contracts leveraging EVM Opcodes
[ABSTRACT]: The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) is a decentralized computing engine. It enables the Ethereum blockchain to execute smart contracts and decentralized applications (dApps). The increasing adoption of Ethereum sparked the rise of phishing activities. Phishing attacks often target users through deceptive means, e.g., fake websites, wallet scams, or malicious smart contracts, aiming to steal sensitive information or funds. A timely detection of phishing activities in the EVM is therefore crucial to preserve the user trust and network integrity. Some state-of-the art approaches to phishing detection in smart contracts rely on the online analysis of transactions and their traces. However, replaying transactions often exposes sensitive user data and interactions, with several security concerns. In this work, we present PhishingHook, a framework that applies machine learning techniques to detect phishing activities in smart contracts by directly analyzing the contract’s bytecode and its constituent opcodes. We evaluate the efficacy of such techniques in identifying malicious patterns, suspicious function calls, or anomalous behaviors within the contract’s code itself before it is deployed or interacted with. We experimentally compare 16 techniques, belonging to four main categories (Histogram Similarity Classifiers, Vision Models, Language Models and Vulnerability Detection Models), using 7,000 real-world malware smart contracts. Our results demonstrate the efficiency of PhishingHook in performing phishing classification systems, with about 90% average accuracy among all the models. We support experimental reproducibility, and we release our code and datasets to the research community.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}