Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: Avis: In-Situ Model Checking for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
[ABSTRACT]: Control firmware in unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) uses sensors to model and manage flight operations, from takeoff to landing to flying between waypoints. However, sensors can fail at any time during a flight. If control firmware mishandles sensor failures, UAVs can crash, fly away, or suffer other unsafe conditions. In-situ model checking finds sensor failures that could lead to unsafe conditions by systematically failing sensors. However, the type of sensor failure and its timing within a flight affect its manifestation, creating a large search space. We propose Avis, an in-situ model checker to quickly uncover UAV sensor failures that lead to unsafe conditions. Avis exploits operating modes, i.e., a label that maps software execution to corresponding flight operations. Widely used control firmware already support operating modes. Avis injects sensor failures as the control firmware transitions between modes - a key execution point where mishandled software exceptions can trigger unsafe conditions. We implemented Avis and applied it to ArduPilot and PX4. Avis found unsafe conditions 2.4X faster than Bayesian Fault Injection, the leading, state-of-theart approach. Within the current code base of ArduPilot and PX4, Avis discovered 10 previously unknown software bugs that lead to unsafe conditions. Additionally, we reinserted 5 known bugs that caused serious, unsafe conditions and Avis correctly reported all of them.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}