Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: BigMap: Future-proofing Fuzzers with Efficient Large Maps
[ABSTRACT]: Coverage-guided fuzzing is a powerful technique for finding security vulnerabilities and latent bugs in software. Such fuzzers usually store the coverage information in a small bitmap. Hash collision within this bitmap is a well-known issue and can reduce fuzzers’ ability to discover potential bugs. Prior works noted that collision mitigation with naïvely enlarging the hash space leads to an unacceptable runtime overhead. This paper describes BigMap, a two-level hashing scheme that enables using an arbitrarily large coverage_bitmap with low overhead. The key observation is that the overhead stems from frequent operations performed on the full bitmap, although only a fraction of the map is actively used. BigMap condenses these scattered active regions on a second bitmap and limits the operations only on that condensed area. We implemented our approach on top of the popular fuzzer AFL and conducted experiments on 19 benchmarks from FuzzBench and OSS-Fuzz. The results indicate that BigMap does not suffer from increased runtime overhead even with large map sizes. Compared to AFL, BigMap achieved an average of 4.5x higher test case generation throughput for a 2MB map and 33.1x for an 8MB map. The throughput gain for the 2MB map increased further to 9.2x with parallel fuzzing sessions, indicating superior scalability of BigMap. More importantly, BigMap’s compatibility with most coverage metrics, along with its efficiency on bigger maps, enabled exploring aggressive compositions of expensive coverage metrics and fuzzing algorithms, uncovering 33% more unique crashes. BigMap makes using large bitmaps practical and enables researchers to explore a wider design space of coverage metrics

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}