Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: A Comprehensive, Longitudinal Study of Government DNS Deployment at Global Scale
[ABSTRACT]: Within the Domain Name System (DNS), government domains form a particularly valuable part of the names-pace, representing trusted sources of information, vital services, and gateways for government personnel to engage in their duties. As the COVID-19 pandemic has unfolded, governments’ digital resources have become increasingly important to provide support to populations largely in isolation. The accessibility of these resources relies largely on the trustworthiness of the domains that represent them. In this paper, we conduct an extensive measurement study focused on the availability and legitimacy of DNS records in the authoritative nameservers of government domains for over 190 countries. Our measurements reveal that thousands of domains do not use replicated authoritative name-servers, as well as a substantial increase in the trend of more domains relying on a single third-party DNS services provider. We also find more than 1,000 domains vulnerable to hijacking due to defective delegations. Our work shows that although robust overall, the deployments of authoritative nameservers in government domains still contain a non-trivial number of configurations that do not meet RFC requirements, leading to poor performance and reduced reliability that may leave domains vulnerable to hijacking.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}