Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: A Comprehensive Study on Drones Resilience in the Presence of Inertial Measurement Unit Faults
[ABSTRACT]: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have gained immense popularity for their versatility and diverse applications. However, this increased usage has raised concerns about the safety and security of UAVs, emphasizing the critical role of their Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs) in ensuring accurate orientation and position data. IMU faults, including both Accelerometer faults and Gyrometer faults, can lead to severe consequences, such as mission failures, collisions, or loss of control. This study addresses the need to enhance UAV resilience in urban airspace by exploring the impact of various IMU faults. A comprehensive fault model is introduced in this paper, covering a range of faults from hardware malfunctions to external attacks. Through extensive fault injection experiments in a simulated environment, the study assesses the effects of different fault types and durations on mission outcomes, providing valuable insights for developing resilient and fault-tolerant UAV systems. Evaluation metrics, including inner and outer bubble violations, missions completed, flight duration, and distance traveled, offer a comprehensive understanding of IMU fault impacts in dynamic operational scenarios. Results reveal that longer injection durations, particularly at 30 seconds, increase bubble violations and significantly reduce mission completion rates. Accelerometer faults, such as “Accelerometer Freeze” and “Accelerometer Random” exhibit reduced mission completion rates of 42.5% and 5%, respectively. Gyrometer faults, especially “Gyrometer Minimum” and “Gyrometer Random” lead to the lowest mission completion rates (2.5%). Additionally, IMU faults (where the fault affects both the Accelerometer and Gyrometer), notably “IMU Minimum”, “IMU Freeze”, and “IMU Random” result in complete mission failures, highlighting the importance of understanding specific fault characteristics. These insights can contribute to developing fault tolerance mechanisms and resilient UAV systems in complex and dynamic environments.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}