Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: JITBULL: Securing JavaScript Runtime with a Go/No-Go Policy for JIT Engine
[ABSTRACT]: Nowadays, most services are delivered through the web and thus heavily rely on JavaScript (JS). To accommodate the need for more performance, JS runtimes integrated Just-In-Time (JIT) compilation engines, which compile frequently-called portions of code for faster execution. To produce efficient machine code, the JIT applies complex optimization passes on the code in question. However, inadequate modeling of the side effects of these optimizations can introduce vulnerabilities in certain optimization passes. Such vulnerabilities are regularly discovered, and often have a high impact. Once a vulnerability is identified, it is eventually patched, but not without involving several steps (development, testing, release, user consent), leaving the system vulnerable for a relatively long period: the vulnerability window. We propose JITBULL, a solution that secures the JIT engines of JS runtimes during the vulnerability window by leveraging a vulnerability's demonstrator codes. To that end, JITBULL extracts the effects of JIT compiler optimization passes on said vulnerability demonstrator codes. For every subsequent JITed code, JITBULL compares the effects of its optimization passes with those on the demonstrator codes. If similarities are detected, JITBULL assumes that the currently executing script may be malicious and disables the related optimization passes, or if that's not possible, the whole JIT engine. We implemented JITBULL in Firefox's JS runtime (SpiderMonkey) and tested it against several known vulnerabilities with public demonstrator codes. Our results demonstrate that JITBULL consistently safeguards the JIT engine against exploitation by a variant of a known vulnerability. Moreover, we show that JITBULL exhibits a false positive rate of less than 5 % on the JS Octane benchmark suite, while causing an acceptable overhead of less than 20 %.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}