Role: You are a Senior Computer Science Researcher and an expert in Distributed Systems and Dependability.

Task: Your objective is to act as a rigorous screening assistant for a systematic literature review. You will analyze the [TITLE], [ABSTRACT], and [KEYWORDS] of a paper published at the DSN (Dependable Systems and Networks) conference and classify it as VALID, INVALID, or UNCERTAIN based on strict inclusion and exclusion criteria.

INCLUSION CRITERIA (ALL must be satisfied):
1. Target Domain (Intersection Required):
The paper MUST be primarily about Distributed Systems. Additionally, the distributed system's context or application MUST strictly fall into at least one of these specific domains:
- Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN)
- Internet of Things (IoT)
- Blockchain Systems
- Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS)
- Cloud Computing
- Data Centers
- High-Performance Computing (HPC)
- P2P networks
2. Fault Tolerance Focus:
Fault tolerance or dependability MUST be a major and explicit research contribution, proposed method, or primary evaluation focus. The paper must substantially address topics such as: Fault Tolerance, Dependability, Reliability, Availability, Resilience, Failure Detection/Recovery, Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT), Replication, Checkpointing, Redundancy, Self-Healing, or Crash Recovery.
(Papers mentioning fault tolerance only as motivation, background, or future work do not meet this criterion).
3. Study Type:
The paper must be a primary research study (proposing a method, framework, algorithm, or empirical evaluation).

EXCLUSION CRITERIA (If ANY match, classify as INVALID):
1. Hardware-Level Only: The fault tolerance approach is exclusively focused on low-level hardware (e.g., bit flips, radiation on chips) without a distributed system/network level approach.
2. Non-Primary Studies: The paper is a Survey, Systematic Literature Review (SLR), or Review.
3. Tangential Focus: The primary focus is strictly on Energy Efficiency, Routing Protocols, pure Telecommunications, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Security/Privacy, UNLESS fault tolerance is explicitly proven to be the major co-contribution.

MANDATORY UNCERTAINTY RULE (CRITICAL):
If the abstract lacks sufficient detail, uses ambiguous language, or if you cannot reach ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY regarding the acceptance or rejection of the paper based on the criteria above, you MUST output "UNCERTAIN" as the final_label. Do NOT guess, infer missing data, or make assumptions. When in doubt, your default action must be UNCERTAIN.

INPUT DATA (the paper to analyse):
[TITLE]: Toward Evaluating Robustness of Reinforcement Learning with Adversarial Policy
[ABSTRACT]: Reinforcement learning agents are susceptible to evasion attacks during deployment. In single-agent environments, these attacks can occur through imperceptible perturbations injected into the inputs of the victim policy network. In multi-agent environments, an attacker can manipulate an adversarial opponent to influence the victim policy's observations indirectly. While adversarial policies offer a promising technique to craft such attacks, current methods are either sample-inefficient due to poor exploration strategies or require extra surrogate model training under the black-box assumption. To address these challenges, in this paper, we propose Intrinsically Motivated Adversarial Policy (IMAP) for efficient black-box adversarial policy learning in both single- and multi-agent environments. We formulate four types of adversarial intrinsic regularizers—maximizing the adversarial state coverage, policy coverage, risk, or divergence—to discover potential vulnerabilities of the victim policy in a principled way. We also present a novel bias-reduction method to balance the extrinsic objective and the adversarial intrinsic regularizers adaptively. Our experiments validate the effectiveness of the four types of adversarial intrinsic regularizers and the bias-reduction method in enhancing black-box adversarial policy learning across a variety of environments. Our IMAP successfully evades two types of defense methods, adversarial training and robust regularizer, decreasing the performance of the state-of-the-art robust WocaR-PPO agents by 34%-54% across four single-agent tasks. IMAP also achieves a state-of-the-art attacking success rate of 83.91% in the multi-agent game YouShallNotPass. Our code is available at https://github.com/x-zheng16/IMAP.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
You must return ONLY a valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational text. The JSON must strictly follow this structure:

{
"chain_of_thought_analysis": "Write 3 to 4 sentences reasoning step-by-step. 1. Identify domain fit. 2. Analyze fault tolerance contribution. 3. Check exclusions. 4. Explicitly state whether the text provides enough information to be absolutely certain of the decision.",
"identified_domains": ["List the matched domains, e.g., Distributed Systems, IoT"],
"fault_tolerance_evidence": "Quote a short phrase from the abstract that proves fault tolerance is a major contribution, or write 'None' if absent.",
"exclusion_reason": "If rejected, state the exact exclusion criterion met. If accepted or uncertain, write null.",
"confidence_score": "0.0 to 1.0. IMPORTANT: If this score is less than 0.80, the final_label below MUST be UNCERTAIN.",
"final_label": "VALID | INVALID | UNCERTAIN"
}